This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
ALERT
ANNOUNCEMENT ON SPIRIT AIRLINES
More info

Menu

Flights

Parking & Transportation

Shop & Dine

About

Our Sites

Accessibility

Menu

Security

Wait times subject to change. Please arrive at the security checkpoint 2 hours before departure.

Gates 1 - 59
General

19 - 22 min

TSA Pre✓®

6 - 9 min

View on map
Gates 70 - 129
General

13 - 17 min

TSA Pre✓®

4 - 8 min

View on map
Gates C230 - C249
General

2 - 5 min

TSA Pre✓®

0 - 4 min

View on map
Last updated: 4:20 a.m.
Refresh now
Transportation Security Administration (TSA)

The TSA is responsible for passenger screening at the security checkpoints at Orlando International Airport.

Knowing the process and the requirements can help expedite your passage through the security screening. The TSA web site provides useful information, including:

Useful TSA References
How to Get Through The Line Faster
ID Requirements
3-1-1 Liquids Rule
Can I Bring My…?

You may also want to consider applying for one of the expedited screening programs, TSA PreCheck, Global Entry (which also provides TSA PreCheck benefits) or CLEAR+.

Security Screening Options
MCO Reserve

Now passengers without TSA PreCheck or CLEAR+ can book a time to go through airport security using the free MCO Reserve service.

MCO Reserve allows travelers to reduce stress by planning ahead and reserving a dedicated time slot for their party to go through TSA security screening.

On arrival at the dedicated MCO Reserve lane, travelers will simply scan their MCO Reserve QR code and move directly to TSA to screen their boarding pass and ID, and then proceed through the standard TSA security screening. Terminals A, B and C all have dedicated MCO Reserve lanes with a limited number of slots available each day. Travelers may book their time slot up to 7 days in advance.

Security screening times available from 5:00am to 5:00pm for flights departing between 6:30am and 8:30pm.

MCO Reserve
TSA Precheck®

TSA PreCheck provides low-risk travelers with a smoother experience at the airport security passenger checkpoint. The program is open to U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents, as well as members participating in Trusted Traveler Programs like Global Entry, NEXUS and SENTRI. The TSA PreCheck program is a great option for frequent travelers looking to save time during the airport security process. Enrolled members can travel with ease with no need to remove shoes, laptops, 3-1-1 liquids, belts or light jackets. They can also access dedicated screening lanes when traveling on participating airlines at participating U.S. airports.

Normal operating hours for TSA PreCheck are 4:00 am to 8:30 pm but you can confirm whether the TSA PreCheck lanes will be open when you’re flying at TSA Pre✓ ® Checkpoint

TSA PreCheck Enrollment:

MCO offers the public the opportunity to register for Pre Check through TSA approved partners. You may apply at any of the three CLEAR locations at our TSA checkpoints.

This new, simplified initiative delivers TSA PreCheck enrollment in five minutes or less, and most passengers will receive their Known Traveler Number (KTN) within three to five days, and in most cases, just in time for their return trip.

Enrolling at the airport is even faster if the traveler applies online beforehand. TSA PreCheck enrollment requires proof of identity, proof of citizenship (forms of identification can be located here: proof of citizenship), fingerprint and photo capture. There is an $85 enrollment application fee, which covers five years of participation, if approved. Click here if you wish to start the application process before arriving at MCO.

If you are not a departing traveler, but still interested in enrolling in TSA PreCheck:

Please complete the application online and schedule an enrollment at one of the numerous enrollment centers in Orlando, FL and surrounding areas. You may also enroll in TSA PreCheck through CLEAR, which has staff available at all three security checkpoints.

TSA PreCheck
CLEAR+

CLEAR+ is a biometrics-based pre-clearance system that allows passengers to enter dedicated security checkpoint lanes at participating airports, allowing them to bypass the regular lanes and get straight to the screening.

CLEAR+ enrollment is available at all three security checkpoints for Gates 70-129. Applicants may sign up on the CLEAR web site, or when they arrive at the airport.

CLEAR+
About Us
Media
Contact Us
Careers
Non-Discrimination
FAQ
FL Statute 332
Noise Abatement
© 2026 GOAA
Terms of Use
Give Feedback